it's good
some evidence then had neither
leave liu ix i'm going and wolley
recently a story about him that
It's actually very funny, it's very
interesting
I laughed because pacas is a guy like
when you are so kind to rivers have
interest in gold but he is desperate
he lives and breathes it as he does it all
for gold only per year for wealth
she is another has a similar name of the coin
I do not remember alcohol masks anymore
creature that it is born and the first
thing he wants to see is a
gold in front of him
this is how I describe it because everything
absolutely everything himself says that
if the world were to end today
he would buy the black portal and the
put a ratchet and only went through the
portal
I'm in life he does not leave anyone
pass when it was in the end it would
house although who does die who passed
spent and protect and get rich for the rest
of life because it falls into default
He can keep my beerschot going.
be destroyed
face the father he was one were and did
so close to the guy alan
if I'm not mistaken it the galaxy if not
I'm mistaking he tried I do not remember
right
The guys were dying there, he was dying.
the only one who had a ship and hence he
left collecting the survivors to
take them as sponges proves it was him
not first he asked for all the riches
that they had everything there they went there and
gave up to the rings of the fingers
there ready only they thought they
have been walking to be saved and put
9 ready only when he took there by
that he was there on the other side of the
world
je sell it as slaves then beyond
You have given all the riches they
had they
who got there they were still sold
as slaves and was twice the goal
cock mix won over them and before
Besides the cock week he was already born in a
family half different from the father of almost
11 hollows there that blow up the whole
neighborhood etavam cause and had the
There are going to be some guys and gangsters out there.
who asked for money there, is not a prototype for
do no harm to them where so there and oh
ô guy wilks decided and this he has to
end up and that start making money
his father too
that's how the rooster sums up in history
wilks is got a bomb bag full of
explosives and on the day the guy goes to get
the money is not
the possum the guy and the gang there what
handed his father to him so he had left and
who delivered was the guy ritchie
The cock that just delivered the guy there was says
fine boy there took themselves
When he turned his head, they
door
it was all down the air a hole
gigantic in front of the house of the rooster
his father arrived and the neighborhood of
Dude, I'm desperate for God's sake.
It was this boy who did this and the gang.
died and that's when he started taking
business account because that gang
she was running bai understood
The administration thus arranged
one driver there and the famous rate
protection and there the place where he joined
with the other there and there business there the way
and then they started doing business
were growing and he became the
second, richer on the side than
There beauty is there but I do not want to be a mother.
I want to be richer thomson richer
there are still those cartels that you
They're talking and I do not know if he's already
to be part of this cartel
here it is not this is not good since
he is that there I was that he did and that is
had more rich guy's birthday the
daughter birthday of the richest guy
there was that he did was to him was
guest
party as the second richest and he was
Only when he was there did he already plan
said to be the son of the richest and to do
and there are promising signs that
all his riches for him there he
was there only to and describes how the goal
gol plays beautiful and wonderful 7
there he tries to conquer her only that she
says that in that he does not deceive himself
You will not succeed in winning her.
so and she likes evil faces
very hurt there it seems she does in the
his what he does but I want him
how much he killed in your - I want
and then she said it was good to yele
he will look in the alley is the plan b is
he put a lot of bombs in the
ships the richest guy is and changed
all employees and guard
Rich guy's back by guys
that he pays and that all under the
cloths
and everyone ready to go there forums
guest is all of it being paid
for him and the richest guy dreaming that
all around him is himself
Then he does it, he comes to
Rich I want more people come there.
Ah but you 're already giving up on the
My daughter then he will loose soon verb
and saw that it would take time to get the
his daughter's hand , right?
he releases soon enough because everyone who
You're here to get paid for I have
I have this control here and I
I want you to hit the button.
then the guy gets scared right he said
all the guards on his vote and all
is without control by him
The richest guy does not want to be there.
afraid was to push the button
when he pressed the button all
boats around the place where he stayed
There they blew up everything and the
guards were started to come close
her daughter and the guy wilks got a
dagger and put on the neck of the daughter's
from him that went white
Then he even made a cute saying
now I'm barely enough
She was white and said she was
She was run off with her father .
to right away says he left and
never come back and the cabinet took
account of all the goods of the richest man
and became richer in the world and
that he had the boat there to be able to
to evade cohesion and charged all
riches of everyone who was there and
in the end still sold everyone as
slave, and then he says that